# Exercise 4

## Milestone 15: Screenshots of MVC source code

- Pull the prj301-demo5. 
- Build the project and examine the MVC model in source code 

```
com.fptuni.prj301.demo.controller.StudentController
com.fptuni.prj301.demo.dbmanager.StudentManager
com.fptuni.prj301.demo.model.Student
view/Student/list.jsp
```

- Take a screenshot of Controller source code
- Take a screenshot of Model source code (2 files)
- Take a screenshot of View source code

## Milestone 16: Implement Model: StudentManager.list

- Develop the `com.fptuni.prj301.demo.dbmanager.StudentManager.list` to retrieve students from database.

```
String sql = "select id, firstname , lastname from student";
            try {
                Connection conn = DBUtils.getConnection();
                PreparedStatement ps = conn.prepareStatement(sql);
                ResultSet rs = ps.executeQuery();
                while (rs.next()) {                 
                   list.add(new Student(new Long(rs.getLong("id")),rs.getString("firstname"),rs.getString("lastname")));
                }
            }
            catch (Exception ex) {
                    ex.printStackTrace();
            }
```

- Take a screenshot of the browser (Student List)
- Take a screenshot of StudentManager at  the `list` method

## Milestone 17: Develop `Student edit page` with MVC pattern

- In View (view/Student/edit.jsp), develop html to show student details.
- In Model, develop StudentManager.load(Long id)
- In Controller, edit the file StudentController to link path `Student/edit` to `Student edit page`
- In View Student List, add link to go `Student edit page`
- Take a screenshot of the browser (Student List)
- Take a screenshot of all your code

## Milestone 18: Add Search field in Student List with MVC pattern

- No instruction, students work by themselves.
- Take a screenshot of the browser.
- Take a screenshot of all your code

## Milestone 19: Add A button to Add a new Student in Student List. Develop the function to add new student with MVC pattern 

- No instruction, students work by themselves.
- Take a screenshot of the browser.
- Take a screenshot of all your code
